release: v1.54.0 (#5954)
apollographql/router: .changesets/fix_bryn_test_propagation.md

Reviewer: @BrynCooke please review the edited changeset

> ### Datadog sampling fix ([PR #5788](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5788))
> 
> This PR ensures that datadog context is set, this may help with undersampling issues that users are seeing. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Fix Datadog sampling ([PR #5788](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5788))

The router's Datadog exporter has been fixed so that traces are sampled as intended.

Previously, the Datadog exporter's context may not have been set correctly, causing traces to be undersampled.
```
